Welcome to Los Angles! The home of Hollywood and now...
It's very own dog cafe!
Local residents can come along to get their caffeine and canine fix in one place!
Buying a cup of coffee and entering the adjacent puppy lounge...
To play with the lovely pooches, all of which are up for adoption.
Owner: So I actually grew up in Korea, I frequented a lot of dog cafe's there and I really got involved in the animal rescue work there...
Owner: and when I came here I visited a shelter within the first month that I was here. And I realized there was such a greater intake of dogs than there were adoptions...
Owner: and I was like: "What's a good way to combat this?" and so I was like: "Why not bring a little bit of home back from Korea here but implement the dog adoption aspect of things as well"
The LA Dog Cafe is already incredibly popular and due to high demand, charges a 10$ entrance fee
This will get you cup of coffee and fifty five minutes of puppy playing
Customer: I love it so far, you just get to sit, hangout and chill with dogs. What else can you ask for?
So next time your desperate for your double expresso head to Los Angles, you'll be barking not to.
As always guys thank for watching, click here to watch a previous video and don't forget to subscribe, bye!